This is a little folk ballad from the Appalachian Mountains, Goodbye Little Bonnie Blue Eyes.
It's one of my favorite ballads, sung by May Kennedy McCord, June the 5th, 1939.
Oh, I wish I was a beautiful bird.
I would not fly so high.
I'd build me a nest on the tomb.
Goodbye, little bonnie blue eyes.
I'll see you again, but God knows when.
I'm going on the ocean blue, where the mountains reach the sky.
On the ocean blue, I'll be thinking about you.
Goodbye, little bonnie blue eyes.
Goodbye, little bonnie blue eyes. I'll see you again, but God knows when.
Oh, lay your hand in mine.
If you love me like I love you, honey, lay your hand in mine.
Goodbye, little bonnie blue eyes. Goodbye, little bonnie blue eyes.
I'll see you again, but God knows when.
Goodbye, little bonnie blue eyes.